remove references to unsupported openssh [skip ci] (#1713)
open-quantum-safe/liboqs: CONFIGURE.md

## OQS_ALGS_ENABLED

> Selects algorithm set enabled. Possible values are "STD" selecting all algorithms standardized by NIST; "NIST_R4" selecting all algorithms evaluated in round 4 of the NIST PQC competition; "All" (or any other value) selecting all algorithms integrated into liboqs. Parameter setting "STD" minimizes library size but may require re-running code generator scripts in projects integrating `liboqs`, e.g., [oqs-openssl111](https://github.com/open-quantum-safe/openssl).

Reviewer: While we're at it, might as well change this link to point to the provider instead of our OpenSSL fork?
```suggestion
Selects algorithm set enabled. Possible values are "STD" selecting all algorithms standardized by NIST; "NIST_R4" selecting all algorithms evaluated in round 4 of the NIST PQC competition; "All" (or any other value) selecting all algorithms integrated into liboqs. Parameter setting "STD" minimizes library size but may require re-running code generator scripts in projects integrating `liboqs`, e.g., [`oqs-provider`](https://github.com/open-quantum-safe/oqs-provider).
```
